README.md, before:

# Awesome CursorRules [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://patrickjs.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="/cursor-ai-logo.png" alt="Awesome CursorRules" />
  </a>
</p>

A curated list of awesome .cursorrules files for enhancing your Cursor AI experience.

[Cursor AI](https://cursor.sh/) is an AI-powered code editor. `.cursorrules` files define custom rules for Cursor AI to follow when generating code, allowing you to tailor its behavior to your specific needs and preferences.

## Why .cursorrules?

`.cursorrules` is a powerful feature in Cursor AI that allows developers to define project-specific instructions for the AI. Here's why you might want to use it:

1. **Customized AI Behavior**: `.cursorrules` files help tailor the AI's responses to your project's specific needs, ensuring more relevant and accurate code suggestions.

2. **Consistency**: By defining coding standards and best practices in your `.cursorrules` file, you can ensure that the AI generates code that aligns with your project's style guidelines.

3. **Context Awareness**: You can provide the AI with important context about your project, such as commonly used methods, architectural decisions, or specific libraries, leading to more informed code generation.

4. **Improved Productivity**: With well-defined rules, the AI can generate code that requires less manual editing, speeding up your development process.

5. **Team Alignment**: For team projects, a shared `.cursorrules` file ensures that all team members receive consistent AI assistance, promoting cohesion in coding practices.

6. **Project-Specific Knowledge**: You can include information about your project's structure, dependencies, or unique requirements, helping the AI to provide more accurate and relevant suggestions.

By creating a `.cursorrules` file in your project's root directory, you can leverage these benefits and enhance your coding experience with Cursor AI.

## Contents

- [Awesome CursorRules ](#awesome-cursorrules-)
  - [Why .cursorrules?](#why-cursorrules)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Rules](#rules)
    - [Frontend Frameworks and Libraries](#frontend-frameworks-and-libraries)
    - [Backend and Full-Stack](#backend-and-full-stack)
    - [Mobile Development](#mobile-development)
    - [CSS and Styling](#css-and-styling)
    - [State Management](#state-management)
    - [Database and API](#database-and-api)
    - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Build Tools and Development](#build-tools-and-development)
    - [Language-Specific](#language-specific)
    - [Other](#other)
  - [Directories](#directories)
  - [How to Use](#how-to-use)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [License](#license)

## Rules

### Frontend Frameworks and Libraries
- [Angular (Novo Elements)](./rules/angular-novo-elements-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Angular (TypeScript)](./rules/angular-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Astro (TypeScript)](./rules/astro-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Cursor AI (React, TypeScript, shadcn/ui)](./rules/cursor-ai-react-typescript-shadcn-ui-cursorrules-p/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js 15 (React 19, Vercel AI, Tailwind)](./rules/nextjs15-react19-vercelai-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js 14 (Tailwind, SEO)](./rules/cursorrules-cursor-ai-nextjs-14-tailwind-seo-setup/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (React, Tailwind)](./rules/nextjs-react-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (React, TypeScript)](./rules/nextjs-react-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (SEO Development)](./rules/nextjs-seo-dev-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Supabase Todo App)](./rules/nextjs-supabase-todo-app-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Tailwind, TypeScript)](./rules/nextjs-tailwind-typescript-apps-cursorrules-prompt/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (TypeScript App)](./rules/nextjs-typescript-app-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (TypeScript)](./rules/nextjs-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (TypeScript, Tailwind)](./rules/nextjs-typescript-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Vercel, Supabase)](./rules/nextjs-vercel-supabase-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Vercel, TypeScript)](./rules/nextjs-vercel-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (App Router)](./rules/nextjs-app-router-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Material UI, Tailwind CSS)](./rules/nextjs-material-ui-tailwind-css-cursorrules-prompt/.cursorrules)
- [Qwik (Basic Setup with TypeScript and Vite)](./rules/qwik-basic-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Qwik (with Tailwind CSS)](./rules/qwik-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React Components Creation](./rules/react-components-creation-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React (Next.js UI Development)](./rules/react-nextjs-ui-development-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [React (TypeScript, Next.js, Node.js)](./rules/react-typescript-nextjs-nodejs-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [React (TypeScript, Symfony)](./rules/react-typescript-symfony-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solid.js (Basic Setup)](./rules/solidjs-basic-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solid.js (TypeScript)](./rules/solidjs-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solid.js (Tailwind CSS)](./rules/solidjs-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Svelte 5 vs Svelte 4](./rules/svelte-5-vs-svelte-4-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [SvelteKit (RESTful API, Tailwind CSS)](./rules/sveltekit-restful-api-tailwind-css-cursorrules-pro/.cursorrules)
- [SvelteKit (Tailwind CSS, TypeScript)](./rules/sveltekit-tailwindcss-typescript-cursorrules-promp/.cursorrules)
- [SvelteKit (TypeScript Guide)](./rules/sveltekit-typescript-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Vue 3 (Nuxt 3 Development)](./rules/vue-3-nuxt-3-development-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Vue 3 (Nuxt 3, TypeScript)](./rules/vue-3-nuxt-3-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Vue 3 (Composition API)](./rules/vue3-composition-api-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Backend and Full-Stack
- [Deno Integration](./rules/deno-integration-techniques-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [Elixir Engineer Guidelines](./rules/elixir-engineer-guidelines-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Elixir (Phoenix, Docker)](./rules/elixir-phoenix-docker-setup-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [ES Module (Node.js)](./rules/es-module-nodejs-guidelines-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [Go Backend Scalability](./rules/go-backend-scalability-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Go ServeMux REST API](./rules/go-servemux-rest-api-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Go (Basic Setup)](./rules/htmx-go-basic-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Go with Fiber](./rules/htmx-go-fiber-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [HTMX (Basic Setup)](./rules/htmx-basic-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [HTMX (Flask)](./rules/htmx-flask-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [HTMX (Django)](./rules/htmx-django-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Java (Springboot, JPA)](./rules/java-springboot-jpa-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Knative (Istio, Typesense, GPU)](./rules/knative-istio-typesense-gpu-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [Laravel (PHP 8.3)](./rules/laravel-php-83-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Laravel (TALL Stack)](./rules/laravel-tall-stack-best-practices-cursorrules-prom/.cursorrules)
- [Node.js (MongoDB)](./rules/nodejs-mongodb-cursorrules-prompt-file-tutorial/.cursorrules)
- [Node.js (MongoDB, JWT, Express, React)](./rules/nodejs-mongodb-jwt-express-react-cursorrules-promp/.cursorrules)
- [Python (FastAPI)](./rules/py-fast-api/.cursorrules)
- [Python (FastAPI)](./rules/cursorrules-file-cursor-ai-python-fastapi-api/.cursorrules)
- [Python 3.12 (FastAPI Best Practices)](./rules/python-312-fastapi-best-practices-cursorrules-prom/.cursorrules)
- [Python (Django Best Practices)](./rules/python-django-best-practices-cursorrules-prompt-fi/.cursorrules)
- [Python (FastAPI Best Practices)](./rules/python-fastapi-best-practices-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [Python (FastAPI Scalable API)](./rules/python-fastapi-scalable-api-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [Python (Flask JSON Guide)](./rules/python-flask-json-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (NestJS Best Practices)](./rules/typescript-nestjs-best-practices-cursorrules-promp/.cursorrules)
- [WordPress (PHP, Guzzle, Gutenberg)](./rules/wordpress-php-guzzle-gutenberg-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [WordPress (macOS)](./rules/cursorrules-cursor-ai-wordpress-draft-macos-prompt/.cursorrules)
- [Python LLM & ML Workflow](./rules/python-llm-ml-workflow-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Mobile Development
- [React Native Expo](./rules/react-native-expo-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [SwiftUI Guidelines](./rules/swiftui-guidelines-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Expo, Jest, Detox)](./rules/typescript-expo-jest-detox-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Android Native (Jetpack Compose)](./rules/android-jetpack-compose-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Flutter Expert](./rules/flutter-app-expert-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### CSS and Styling
- [Tailwind CSS (Next.js Guide)](./rules/tailwind-css-nextjs-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Tailwind (React, Firebase)](./rules/tailwind-react-firebase-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Tailwind (shadcn/ui Integration)](./rules/tailwind-shadcn-ui-integration-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [HTML (Tailwind CSS, JavaScript)](./rules/html-tailwind-css-javascript-cursorrules-prompt-fi/.cursorrules)
- [JavaScript (Astro, Tailwind CSS)](./rules/javascript-astro-tailwind-css-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [React (Styled Components)](./rules/react-styled-components-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React (Chakra UI)](./rules/react-chakra-ui-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### State Management
- [React (Redux, TypeScript)](./rules/react-redux-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React (MobX)](./rules/react-mobx-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React (React Query)](./rules/react-query-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Database and API
- [GraphQL (Apollo Client)](./rules/react-graphql-apollo-client-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Axios)](./rules/typescript-axios-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Testing
- [TypeScript (Expo, Jest, Detox)](./rules/typescript-expo-jest-detox-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Build Tools and Development
- [Chrome Extension (JavaScript/TypeScript)](./rules/chrome-extension-dev-js-typescript-cursorrules-pro/.cursorrules)
- [GitHub Code Quality](./rules/github-code-quality-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [GitHub Instructions](./rules/github-cursorrules-prompt-file-instructions/.cursorrules)
- [Kubernetes (MkDocs Documentation)](./rules/kubernetes-mkdocs-documentation-cursorrules-prompt/.cursorrules)
- [Linux (NVIDIA CUDA, Python)](./rules/linux-nvidia-cuda-python-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Optimize (DRY, SOLID Principles)](./rules/optimize-dry-solid-principles-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [Python Containerization](./rules/python-containerization-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Python (GitHub Setup)](./rules/python-github-setup-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Tauri (Svelte, TypeScript Guide)](./rules/tauri-svelte-typescript-guide-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript Code Convention](./rules/typescript-code-convention-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Language-Specific
- [JavaScript/TypeScript Code Quality](./rules/javascript-typescript-code-quality-cursorrules-pro/.cursorrules)
- [JavaScript (Chrome APIs)](./rules/javascript-chrome-apis-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Optimize (Rell Blockchain Code)](./rules/optimize-rell-blockchain-code-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [Pandas (scikit-learn Guide)](./rules/pandas-scikit-learn-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Plasticode (Telegram API)](./rules/plasticode-telegram-api-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [PyQt6 (EEG Processing)](./rules/pyqt6-eeg-processing-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Python/TypeScript Guide](./rules/python--typescript-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Python Best Practices](./rules/python-cursorrules-prompt-file-best-practices/.cursorrules)
- [Python Developer](./rules/python-developer-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Python Projects Guide](./rules/python-projects-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [PyTorch (scikit-learn)](./rules/pytorch-scikit-learn-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solidity (Hardhat)](./rules/solidity-hardhat-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solidity (React Blockchain Apps)](./rules/solidity-react-blockchain-apps-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (LLM Tech Stack)](./rules/typescript-llm-tech-stack-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Node.js, Next.js, AI)](./rules/typescript-nodejs-nextjs-ai-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Node.js, Next.js, React, UI, CSS)](./rules/typescript-nodejs-nextjs-react-ui-css-cursorrules-/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Node.js, React, Vite)](./rules/typescript-nodejs-react-vite-cursorrules-prompt-fi/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (React, Next.js, Cloudflare)](./rules/typescript-react-nextjs-cloudflare-cursorrules-pro/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (React, NextUI, Supabase)](./rules/typescript-react-nextui-supabase-cursorrules-promp/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (shadcn/ui, Next.js)](./rules/typescript-shadcn-ui-nextjs-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Vite, Tailwind)](./rules/typescript-vite-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Vue.js)](./rules/typescript-vuejs-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Zod, Tailwind, Next.js)](./rules/typescript-zod-tailwind-nextjs-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [WebAssembly (Z80 Cellular Automata)](./rules/webassembly-z80-cellular-automata-cursorrules-prom/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Next.js)](./rules/typescript-nextjs-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Next.js, React)](./rules/typescript-nextjs-react-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Next.js, React, Tailwind, Supabase)](./rules/typescript-nextjs-react-tailwind-supabase-cursorru/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Next.js, Supabase)](./rules/typescript-nextjs-supabase-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Node.js, Next.js App)](./rules/typescript-nodejs-nextjs-app-cursorrules-prompt-fi/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (React)](./rules/typescript-react-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Clasp App Script)](./rules/typescript-clasp-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Other
- [ASCII Simulation Game](./rules/ascii-simulation-game-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Code Guidelines](./rules/code-guidelines-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [DragonRuby Best Practices](./rules/dragonruby-best-practices-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Graphical Apps Development](./rules/graphical-apps-development-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Meta-Prompt](./rules/meta-prompt-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Type LLM)](./rules/next-type-llm/.cursorrules)
- [Unity (C#)](./rules/unity-cursor-ai-c-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Web App Optimization](./rules/web-app-optimization-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

## Directories
- [CursorList](https://cursorlist.com)
- [CursorDirectory](https://cursor.directory/)

## How to Use
### Method One
1. Install [Cursor AI](https://cursor.sh/) if you haven't already.
2. Browse the rules above to find a `.cursorrules` file that suits your needs.
3. Copy the chosen `.cursorrules` file to your project's root directory.
4. Customize the rules as needed for your specific project requirements.
### Method Two
1. Install [Cursor AI](https://cursor.sh/) if you haven't already.
2. Install [vscode-cursor-rules](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=BeilunYang.cursor-rules) extension.
3. Open the command palette (Cmd+Shift+P or Ctrl+Shift+P) and type `Cursor Rules: Add .cursorrules`.
4. Select and download the `.cursorrules` file that suits your needs.
5. Customize the rules as needed for your specific project requirements.


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have a great `.cursorrules` file to share:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Create a new folder in the `rules` directory. The folder name should follow this pattern:
   `technology-focus-cursorrules-prompt-file`
   For example: `react-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file`
3. Add your `.cursorrules` file to the new folder.
4. Optionally, include a README.md in the folder to provide credit and a brief description.
5. Update the main README.md file, adding your contribution to the appropriate category.
6. Ensure your contribution follows the guidelines in the [`.cursorrules`](./.cursorrules) file at the root of this repository.
7. Submit a pull request.

Please ensure your contribution is original or properly credited if based on existing work. Refer to the `.cursorrules` file in the root of this repository for detailed guidelines on formatting, naming conventions, and best practices for contributions.

---

## License

[![CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Commit message:

feat: add Utilities category with Cursor Watchful Headers

README.md, after:

# Awesome CursorRules [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://patrickjs.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="/cursor-ai-logo.png" alt="Awesome CursorRules" />
  </a>
</p>

A curated list of awesome .cursorrules files for enhancing your Cursor AI experience.

[Cursor AI](https://cursor.sh/) is an AI-powered code editor. `.cursorrules` files define custom rules for Cursor AI to follow when generating code, allowing you to tailor its behavior to your specific needs and preferences.

## Why .cursorrules?

`.cursorrules` is a powerful feature in Cursor AI that allows developers to define project-specific instructions for the AI. Here's why you might want to use it:

1. **Customized AI Behavior**: `.cursorrules` files help tailor the AI's responses to your project's specific needs, ensuring more relevant and accurate code suggestions.

2. **Consistency**: By defining coding standards and best practices in your `.cursorrules` file, you can ensure that the AI generates code that aligns with your project's style guidelines.

3. **Context Awareness**: You can provide the AI with important context about your project, such as commonly used methods, architectural decisions, or specific libraries, leading to more informed code generation.

4. **Improved Productivity**: With well-defined rules, the AI can generate code that requires less manual editing, speeding up your development process.

5. **Team Alignment**: For team projects, a shared `.cursorrules` file ensures that all team members receive consistent AI assistance, promoting cohesion in coding practices.

6. **Project-Specific Knowledge**: You can include information about your project's structure, dependencies, or unique requirements, helping the AI to provide more accurate and relevant suggestions.

By creating a `.cursorrules` file in your project's root directory, you can leverage these benefits and enhance your coding experience with Cursor AI.

## Contents

- [Awesome CursorRules ](#awesome-cursorrules-)
  - [Why .cursorrules?](#why-cursorrules)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Rules](#rules)
    - [Frontend Frameworks and Libraries](#frontend-frameworks-and-libraries)
    - [Backend and Full-Stack](#backend-and-full-stack)
    - [Mobile Development](#mobile-development)
    - [CSS and Styling](#css-and-styling)
    - [State Management](#state-management)
    - [Database and API](#database-and-api)
    - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Build Tools and Development](#build-tools-and-development)
    - [Language-Specific](#language-specific)
    - [Other](#other)
    - [Utilities](#utilities)
  - [Directories](#directories)
  - [How to Use](#how-to-use)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [License](#license)

## Rules

### Frontend Frameworks and Libraries
- [Angular (Novo Elements)](./rules/angular-novo-elements-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Angular (TypeScript)](./rules/angular-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Astro (TypeScript)](./rules/astro-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Cursor AI (React, TypeScript, shadcn/ui)](./rules/cursor-ai-react-typescript-shadcn-ui-cursorrules-p/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js 15 (React 19, Vercel AI, Tailwind)](./rules/nextjs15-react19-vercelai-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js 14 (Tailwind, SEO)](./rules/cursorrules-cursor-ai-nextjs-14-tailwind-seo-setup/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (React, Tailwind)](./rules/nextjs-react-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (React, TypeScript)](./rules/nextjs-react-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (SEO Development)](./rules/nextjs-seo-dev-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Supabase Todo App)](./rules/nextjs-supabase-todo-app-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Tailwind, TypeScript)](./rules/nextjs-tailwind-typescript-apps-cursorrules-prompt/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (TypeScript App)](./rules/nextjs-typescript-app-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (TypeScript)](./rules/nextjs-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (TypeScript, Tailwind)](./rules/nextjs-typescript-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Vercel, Supabase)](./rules/nextjs-vercel-supabase-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Vercel, TypeScript)](./rules/nextjs-vercel-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (App Router)](./rules/nextjs-app-router-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Material UI, Tailwind CSS)](./rules/nextjs-material-ui-tailwind-css-cursorrules-prompt/.cursorrules)
- [Qwik (Basic Setup with TypeScript and Vite)](./rules/qwik-basic-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Qwik (with Tailwind CSS)](./rules/qwik-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React Components Creation](./rules/react-components-creation-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React (Next.js UI Development)](./rules/react-nextjs-ui-development-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [React (TypeScript, Next.js, Node.js)](./rules/react-typescript-nextjs-nodejs-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [React (TypeScript, Symfony)](./rules/react-typescript-symfony-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solid.js (Basic Setup)](./rules/solidjs-basic-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solid.js (TypeScript)](./rules/solidjs-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solid.js (Tailwind CSS)](./rules/solidjs-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Svelte 5 vs Svelte 4](./rules/svelte-5-vs-svelte-4-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [SvelteKit (RESTful API, Tailwind CSS)](./rules/sveltekit-restful-api-tailwind-css-cursorrules-pro/.cursorrules)
- [SvelteKit (Tailwind CSS, TypeScript)](./rules/sveltekit-tailwindcss-typescript-cursorrules-promp/.cursorrules)
- [SvelteKit (TypeScript Guide)](./rules/sveltekit-typescript-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Vue 3 (Nuxt 3 Development)](./rules/vue-3-nuxt-3-development-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Vue 3 (Nuxt 3, TypeScript)](./rules/vue-3-nuxt-3-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Vue 3 (Composition API)](./rules/vue3-composition-api-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Backend and Full-Stack
- [Deno Integration](./rules/deno-integration-techniques-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [Elixir Engineer Guidelines](./rules/elixir-engineer-guidelines-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Elixir (Phoenix, Docker)](./rules/elixir-phoenix-docker-setup-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [ES Module (Node.js)](./rules/es-module-nodejs-guidelines-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [Go Backend Scalability](./rules/go-backend-scalability-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Go ServeMux REST API](./rules/go-servemux-rest-api-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Go (Basic Setup)](./rules/htmx-go-basic-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Go with Fiber](./rules/htmx-go-fiber-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [HTMX (Basic Setup)](./rules/htmx-basic-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [HTMX (Flask)](./rules/htmx-flask-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [HTMX (Django)](./rules/htmx-django-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Java (Springboot, JPA)](./rules/java-springboot-jpa-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Knative (Istio, Typesense, GPU)](./rules/knative-istio-typesense-gpu-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [Laravel (PHP 8.3)](./rules/laravel-php-83-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Laravel (TALL Stack)](./rules/laravel-tall-stack-best-practices-cursorrules-prom/.cursorrules)
- [Node.js (MongoDB)](./rules/nodejs-mongodb-cursorrules-prompt-file-tutorial/.cursorrules)
- [Node.js (MongoDB, JWT, Express, React)](./rules/nodejs-mongodb-jwt-express-react-cursorrules-promp/.cursorrules)
- [Python (FastAPI)](./rules/py-fast-api/.cursorrules)
- [Python (FastAPI)](./rules/cursorrules-file-cursor-ai-python-fastapi-api/.cursorrules)
- [Python 3.12 (FastAPI Best Practices)](./rules/python-312-fastapi-best-practices-cursorrules-prom/.cursorrules)
- [Python (Django Best Practices)](./rules/python-django-best-practices-cursorrules-prompt-fi/.cursorrules)
- [Python (FastAPI Best Practices)](./rules/python-fastapi-best-practices-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [Python (FastAPI Scalable API)](./rules/python-fastapi-scalable-api-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [Python (Flask JSON Guide)](./rules/python-flask-json-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (NestJS Best Practices)](./rules/typescript-nestjs-best-practices-cursorrules-promp/.cursorrules)
- [WordPress (PHP, Guzzle, Gutenberg)](./rules/wordpress-php-guzzle-gutenberg-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [WordPress (macOS)](./rules/cursorrules-cursor-ai-wordpress-draft-macos-prompt/.cursorrules)
- [Python LLM & ML Workflow](./rules/python-llm-ml-workflow-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Mobile Development
- [React Native Expo](./rules/react-native-expo-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [SwiftUI Guidelines](./rules/swiftui-guidelines-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Expo, Jest, Detox)](./rules/typescript-expo-jest-detox-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Android Native (Jetpack Compose)](./rules/android-jetpack-compose-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Flutter Expert](./rules/flutter-app-expert-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### CSS and Styling
- [Tailwind CSS (Next.js Guide)](./rules/tailwind-css-nextjs-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Tailwind (React, Firebase)](./rules/tailwind-react-firebase-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Tailwind (shadcn/ui Integration)](./rules/tailwind-shadcn-ui-integration-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [HTML (Tailwind CSS, JavaScript)](./rules/html-tailwind-css-javascript-cursorrules-prompt-fi/.cursorrules)
- [JavaScript (Astro, Tailwind CSS)](./rules/javascript-astro-tailwind-css-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [React (Styled Components)](./rules/react-styled-components-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React (Chakra UI)](./rules/react-chakra-ui-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### State Management
- [React (Redux, TypeScript)](./rules/react-redux-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React (MobX)](./rules/react-mobx-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [React (React Query)](./rules/react-query-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Database and API
- [GraphQL (Apollo Client)](./rules/react-graphql-apollo-client-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Axios)](./rules/typescript-axios-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Testing
- [TypeScript (Expo, Jest, Detox)](./rules/typescript-expo-jest-detox-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Build Tools and Development
- [Chrome Extension (JavaScript/TypeScript)](./rules/chrome-extension-dev-js-typescript-cursorrules-pro/.cursorrules)
- [GitHub Code Quality](./rules/github-code-quality-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [GitHub Instructions](./rules/github-cursorrules-prompt-file-instructions/.cursorrules)
- [Kubernetes (MkDocs Documentation)](./rules/kubernetes-mkdocs-documentation-cursorrules-prompt/.cursorrules)
- [Linux (NVIDIA CUDA, Python)](./rules/linux-nvidia-cuda-python-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Optimize (DRY, SOLID Principles)](./rules/optimize-dry-solid-principles-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [Python Containerization](./rules/python-containerization-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Python (GitHub Setup)](./rules/python-github-setup-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Tauri (Svelte, TypeScript Guide)](./rules/tauri-svelte-typescript-guide-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript Code Convention](./rules/typescript-code-convention-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Language-Specific
- [JavaScript/TypeScript Code Quality](./rules/javascript-typescript-code-quality-cursorrules-pro/.cursorrules)
- [JavaScript (Chrome APIs)](./rules/javascript-chrome-apis-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Optimize (Rell Blockchain Code)](./rules/optimize-rell-blockchain-code-cursorrules-prompt-f/.cursorrules)
- [Pandas (scikit-learn Guide)](./rules/pandas-scikit-learn-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Plasticode (Telegram API)](./rules/plasticode-telegram-api-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [PyQt6 (EEG Processing)](./rules/pyqt6-eeg-processing-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Python/TypeScript Guide](./rules/python--typescript-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Python Best Practices](./rules/python-cursorrules-prompt-file-best-practices/.cursorrules)
- [Python Developer](./rules/python-developer-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Python Projects Guide](./rules/python-projects-guide-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [PyTorch (scikit-learn)](./rules/pytorch-scikit-learn-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solidity (Hardhat)](./rules/solidity-hardhat-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Solidity (React Blockchain Apps)](./rules/solidity-react-blockchain-apps-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (LLM Tech Stack)](./rules/typescript-llm-tech-stack-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Node.js, Next.js, AI)](./rules/typescript-nodejs-nextjs-ai-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Node.js, Next.js, React, UI, CSS)](./rules/typescript-nodejs-nextjs-react-ui-css-cursorrules-/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Node.js, React, Vite)](./rules/typescript-nodejs-react-vite-cursorrules-prompt-fi/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (React, Next.js, Cloudflare)](./rules/typescript-react-nextjs-cloudflare-cursorrules-pro/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (React, NextUI, Supabase)](./rules/typescript-react-nextui-supabase-cursorrules-promp/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (shadcn/ui, Next.js)](./rules/typescript-shadcn-ui-nextjs-cursorrules-prompt-fil/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Vite, Tailwind)](./rules/typescript-vite-tailwind-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Vue.js)](./rules/typescript-vuejs-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Zod, Tailwind, Next.js)](./rules/typescript-zod-tailwind-nextjs-cursorrules-prompt-/.cursorrules)
- [WebAssembly (Z80 Cellular Automata)](./rules/webassembly-z80-cellular-automata-cursorrules-prom/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Next.js)](./rules/typescript-nextjs-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Next.js, React)](./rules/typescript-nextjs-react-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Next.js, React, Tailwind, Supabase)](./rules/typescript-nextjs-react-tailwind-supabase-cursorru/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Next.js, Supabase)](./rules/typescript-nextjs-supabase-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Node.js, Next.js App)](./rules/typescript-nodejs-nextjs-app-cursorrules-prompt-fi/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (React)](./rules/typescript-react-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [TypeScript (Clasp App Script)](./rules/typescript-clasp-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Other
- [ASCII Simulation Game](./rules/ascii-simulation-game-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Code Guidelines](./rules/code-guidelines-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [DragonRuby Best Practices](./rules/dragonruby-best-practices-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Graphical Apps Development](./rules/graphical-apps-development-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Meta-Prompt](./rules/meta-prompt-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Next.js (Type LLM)](./rules/next-type-llm/.cursorrules)
- [Unity (C#)](./rules/unity-cursor-ai-c-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)
- [Web App Optimization](./rules/web-app-optimization-cursorrules-prompt-file/.cursorrules)

### Utilities
- [Cursor Watchful Headers](https://github.com/johnbenac/cursor-watchful-headers) - A Python-based file watching system that automatically manages headers in text files and maintains a clean, focused project tree structure. Perfect for maintaining consistent file headers and documentation across your project, with special features to help LLMs maintain better project awareness.

## Directories
- [CursorList](https://cursorlist.com)
- [CursorDirectory](https://cursor.directory/)

## How to Use
### Method One
1. Install [Cursor AI](https://cursor.sh/) if you haven't already.
2. Browse the rules above to find a `.cursorrules` file that suits your needs.
3. Copy the chosen `.cursorrules` file to your project's root directory.
4. Customize the rules as needed for your specific project requirements.
### Method Two
1. Install [Cursor AI](https://cursor.sh/) if you haven't already.
2. Install [vscode-cursor-rules](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=BeilunYang.cursor-rules) extension.
3. Open the command palette (Cmd+Shift+P or Ctrl+Shift+P) and type `Cursor Rules: Add .cursorrules`.
4. Select and download the `.cursorrules` file that suits your needs.
5. Customize the rules as needed for your specific project requirements.


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have a great `.cursorrules` file to share:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Create a new folder in the `rules` directory. The folder name should follow this pattern:
   `technology-focus-cursorrules-prompt-file`
   For example: `react-typescript-cursorrules-prompt-file`
3. Add your `.cursorrules` file to the new folder.
4. Optionally, include a README.md in the folder to provide credit and a brief description.
5. Update the main README.md file, adding your contribution to the appropriate category.
6. Ensure your contribution follows the guidelines in the [`.cursorrules`](./.cursorrules) file at the root of this repository.
7. Submit a pull request.

Please ensure your contribution is original or properly credited if based on existing work. Refer to the `.cursorrules` file in the root of this repository for detailed guidelines on formatting, naming conventions, and best practices for contributions.

---

## License

[![CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
